.\" Copyright (c) 2014, Antonio Cao (@burzumishi) <antoniocao000@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor,
.\" Boston, MA  02111-1301  USA.
.TH XENESIS 1
.SH NAME
xenesis \- Remote Task Manager

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xenesis 
	[exec] "[plugin{s}]" "[host{s}] || [host_list]" "[plugin{s} params (optional)]"

	        [test] "[plugin{s}]" "[host{s}] || [host_list]" "[plugin{s} params (optional)]"

.SH DESCRIPTION
Xenesis is a remote task manager, it will help you on manage and schedule tasks on remote hosts conected to the same network over SSH.

Xenesis is a shell script and uses basic shell tools, it's simple and fully customizable!

.SH OPTIONS:

.TP
.B [exec]:
Run selected plugin or plugins on "hosts" or "host_list".
.br

.TP
.B [test]:
Test selected plugin or plugins on "hosts" or "host_list".
.br

.SH PARAMETERS:

.TP
.B "[plugin{s}]":
This option must be existent plugin{s} name{s}, if the selected plugin{s} does not exist, you can create a new one in plugins directory.\

All plugins are shell scripts executed on the remote hosts.
.br

.TP
.B "[host{s}] || [host_list]":
This option must be a single "host" or a "host{s}" list, like: "host1 host2 host3 ...".

"host_list" can be the name of a shell script in hosts directory, with the same output as a "host{s}" list: "host1 host2 host3 ..."
.br

.TP
.B "[plugin{s} params (optional)]":
Special plugin params. This is optional, depends on each plugin.
.br

.SH BUGS:

The bug tracker can be reached by visiting the website
\fIhttps://github.com/burzumishi/xenesis/issues\fR

Before sending a bug report, please verify that you have the latest
version of xenesis. Many bugs (major and minor) are fixed at each
release, and if yours is out of date, the problem may already have
been solved.

.SH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:

For further information, visit the website
\fIhttps://github.com/burzumishi/xenesis\fR
